Readme.md, before:

## List of bitmoji images:

* [here](https://api.bitmoji.com/content/templates?app_name=bitmoji&platform=ios)

Examples:

![example1](https://render.bitstrips.com/v2/cpanel/9188364-121464857_22-s1-v1.png?transparent=1&palette=1&width=200)
![example2](https://render.bitstrips.com/v2/cpanel/10200827-280531978_2-s1-121464857_22-s1-v1.png?transparent=1&palette=1&width=200)
![example3](https://render.bitstrips.com/render/10220563/280531978_2-s1-v1.png?outfit=971785&head_rotation=1&body_rotation=7&cropped=%22body%22&width=200)


## Avatars:

* Me:    `280531978_2-s1`
* Yumin: `121464857_22-s1`
* Gomez: `270452369_2-s1`
* Others I've found `280231973_2`, `280531978_2-s1`, `121464857_22-s1`, `270452369_2-s1`, `128256895_1-s1`, `128257004_1_s1`,
  `280231973_2-s1`, `270452367_2-s1`, `270452366_2-s1`, `270452365_2-s1`, `270452364_2-s1`, `270452363_2-s1`, `270452362_2-s1`,
  `270452361_2-s1`, `270452360_2-s1`

You can find other users with the `find-users.html` page.
The number between the underscore and dash doesn't seem to change anything.
It def breaks if you remove that, though.


## Making sense of the data

* Individual comics are in .imoji (1117 of them) replace the `%s` with an avatar id
* Multi-avatar comics are in .friends (296 of them) replace both `%s` with an avatar id (eg from .imoji or .friends)
* `https://render.bitstrips.com/v2/cpanel/:comic_id-%s-v1.png?option1&option2&...`
  * `transparent=1` to set the bg to true
  * `palette=1` no idea
  * `width=200` scale image width to 200 pixels
* `https://render.bitstrips.com/render/:comic_id/%s-v1.png?option1&option2&...`
  * `cropped=%22body%22` you can also set cropped to `"head"`
  * `outfit=971786` put the user in
  * `head_rotation=1` rotate the head to position 1
  * `body_rotation=1` rotate the body to position 1
  * `pd2={"mouth":"_blank"}` inside `pd2`, you can put any of these keys: `[  "beard",  "brow_L",  "brow_R",  "cranium",  "detail_E_L",  "detail_E_R",  "detail_L",  "detail_R",  "detail_T",  "ear_L",  "ear_R",  "eye_L",  "eye_R",  "eyelash_L",  "eyelash_R",  "eyelid_L",  "eyelid_R",  "eyelines_L",  "eyelines_R",  "forehead",  "glasses",  "hair_back",  "hair_front",  "hairbottom",  "hat",  "jaw",  "mouth",  "nose",  "pupil_L",  "pupil_R",  "stachin",  "stachout",  "tongue"]`

## Lists

Friends, generated with:

```
cat bitmoji.json | jq '.friends|map([.src]+.tags)[]' -c | ruby -ne 'puts $_ % [%w[280531978_2-s1 270452369_2-s1 121464857_22-s1]].*(2).map(&:sample)' | ruby -rjson -ne 'url, *tags = JSON.parse($_); puts "<div class=\"friends\"><img src=\"#{url}&width=300\" /><ul>#{tags.map {|t| "<li>#{t}</li>"}.join}</ul></div>"; BEGIN { puts "<style> body * { margin: 0; padding: 0; display: inline-block; } li { display: block; } .friends { width: 300px; } </style>" }'  > friends.html
```

Individual, generated with:

```
cat bitmoji.json | jq '.imoji|map([.src]+.tags)[]' -c | ruby -ne 'puts $_.sub "%s", %w[280531978_2-s1 270452369_2-s1 121464857_22-s1].sample'  | ruby -rjson -ne 'url, *tags = JSON.parse($_); puts "<div class=\"friends\"><img src=\"#{url}&width=300\" /><ul>#{tags.map {|t| "<li>#{t}</li>"}.join}</ul></div>"; BEGIN { puts "<style> body * { margin: 0; padding: 0; display: inline-block; } li { display: block; } .friends { width: 300px; } </style>" }'  > imoji.html
```

Packs (also individual), generated with:

```
cat bitmoji.json | jq '.packs[]|.templates[]|[.src]+.tags' -c | ruby -ne 'puts $_.sub "%s", %w[280531978_2-s1 270452369_2-s1 121464857_22-s1].sample'  | ruby -rjson -ne 'url, *tags = JSON.parse($_); puts "<div class=\"friends\"><img src=\"#{url}&width=300\" /><ul>#{tags.map {|t| "<li>#{t}</li>"}.join}</ul></div>"; BEGIN { puts "<style> body * { margin: 0; padding: 0; display: inline-block; } li { display: block; } .friends { width: 300px; } </style>" }'  > packs.html
```

Male outfits:

```sh
cat bitmoji.json | jq '.outfits|[.male][]|.brands[]|.outfits[]|[.image, .description]' -c | ruby -ne 'puts $_.sub /(?<=\/)\d+_\d+-s\d(?=-v)/, %w[280531978_2-s1 270452369_2-s1 128256895_1-s1].sample' |ruby -rjson -ne 'url, *tags = JSON.parse($_); puts "<div class=\"friends\"><img src=\"#{url}&width=300\" /><ul>#{tags.map {|t| "<li>#{t}</li>"}.join}</ul></div>"; BEGIN { puts "<style> body * { margin: 0; padding: 0; display: inline-block; } li { display: block; } .friends { width: 300px; } </style>" }'  > male_outfits.html
```

Female outfits:

```sh
cat bitmoji.json | jq '.outfits|[.female][]|.brands[]|.outfits[]|[.image, .description]' -c | ruby -ne 'puts $_.sub /(?<=\/)\d+_\d+-s\d(?=-v)/, %w[121464857_22-s1].sample' |ruby -rjson -ne 'url, *tags = JSON.parse($_); puts "<div class=\"friends\"><img src=\"#{url}&width=300\" /><ul>#{tags.map {|t| "<li>#{t}</li>"}.join}</ul></div>"; BEGIN { puts "<style> body * { margin: 0; padding: 0; display: inline-block; } li { display: block; } .friends { width: 300px; } </style>" }'  > female_outfits.html
```

Commit message:

Notes on the suffix + change my avatar

Readme.md, after:

## List of bitmoji images:

* [here](https://api.bitmoji.com/content/templates?app_name=bitmoji&platform=ios)

Examples:

![example1](https://render.bitstrips.com/v2/cpanel/9188364-121464857_22-s1-v1.png?transparent=1&palette=1&width=200)
![example2](https://render.bitstrips.com/v2/cpanel/10200827-280531978_5-s1-121464857_22-s1-v1.png?transparent=1&palette=1&width=200)
![example3](https://render.bitstrips.com/render/10220563/280531978_2-s1-v1.png?outfit=971785&head_rotation=1&body_rotation=7&cropped=%22body%22&width=200)


## Avatars:

* Me:    `280531978_2-s1`
* Yumin: `121464857_22-s1`
* Gomez: `270452369_2-s1`
* Others I've found `280231973_2`, `280531978_2-s1`, `121464857_22-s1`, `270452369_2-s1`, `128256895_1-s1`, `128257004_1_s1`,
  `280231973_2-s1`, `270452367_2-s1`, `270452366_2-s1`, `270452365_2-s1`, `270452364_2-s1`, `270452363_2-s1`, `270452362_2-s1`,
  `270452361_2-s1`, `270452360_2-s1`

You can find other users with the `find-users.html` page.
The number between the underscore seems to be about which version of that person being rendered into that pose,
eg if they change their bitmoji, then the suffix will increment. I'm not sure what the `s1` or the `v1` are about,
I've seen as high as `v3`, but it doesn't seem to change anything when I edit that piece.


## Making sense of the data

* Individual comics are in .imoji (1117 of them) replace the `%s` with an avatar id
* Multi-avatar comics are in .friends (296 of them) replace both `%s` with an avatar id (eg from .imoji or .friends)
* `https://render.bitstrips.com/v2/cpanel/:comic_id-%s-v1.png?option1&option2&...`
  * `transparent=1` to set the bg to true
  * `palette=1` no idea
  * `width=200` scale image width to 200 pixels
* `https://render.bitstrips.com/render/:comic_id/%s-v1.png?option1&option2&...`
  * `cropped=%22body%22` you can also set cropped to `"head"`
  * `outfit=971786` put the user in
  * `head_rotation=1` rotate the head to position 1
  * `body_rotation=1` rotate the body to position 1
  * `pd2={"mouth":"_blank"}` inside `pd2`, you can put any of these keys: `[  "beard",  "brow_L",  "brow_R",  "cranium",  "detail_E_L",  "detail_E_R",  "detail_L",  "detail_R",  "detail_T",  "ear_L",  "ear_R",  "eye_L",  "eye_R",  "eyelash_L",  "eyelash_R",  "eyelid_L",  "eyelid_R",  "eyelines_L",  "eyelines_R",  "forehead",  "glasses",  "hair_back",  "hair_front",  "hairbottom",  "hat",  "jaw",  "mouth",  "nose",  "pupil_L",  "pupil_R",  "stachin",  "stachout",  "tongue"]`

## Lists

Friends, generated with:

```
cat bitmoji.json | jq '.friends|map([.src]+.tags)[]' -c | ruby -ne 'puts $_ % [%w[280531978_2-s1 270452369_2-s1 121464857_22-s1]].*(2).map(&:sample)' | ruby -rjson -ne 'url, *tags = JSON.parse($_); puts "<div class=\"friends\"><img src=\"#{url}&width=300\" /><ul>#{tags.map {|t| "<li>#{t}</li>"}.join}</ul></div>"; BEGIN { puts "<style> body * { margin: 0; padding: 0; display: inline-block; } li { display: block; } .friends { width: 300px; } </style>" }'  > friends.html
```

Individual, generated with:

```
cat bitmoji.json | jq '.imoji|map([.src]+.tags)[]' -c | ruby -ne 'puts $_.sub "%s", %w[280531978_2-s1 270452369_2-s1 121464857_22-s1].sample'  | ruby -rjson -ne 'url, *tags = JSON.parse($_); puts "<div class=\"friends\"><img src=\"#{url}&width=300\" /><ul>#{tags.map {|t| "<li>#{t}</li>"}.join}</ul></div>"; BEGIN { puts "<style> body * { margin: 0; padding: 0; display: inline-block; } li { display: block; } .friends { width: 300px; } </style>" }'  > imoji.html
```

Packs (also individual), generated with:

```
cat bitmoji.json | jq '.packs[]|.templates[]|[.src]+.tags' -c | ruby -ne 'puts $_.sub "%s", %w[280531978_2-s1 270452369_2-s1 121464857_22-s1].sample'  | ruby -rjson -ne 'url, *tags = JSON.parse($_); puts "<div class=\"friends\"><img src=\"#{url}&width=300\" /><ul>#{tags.map {|t| "<li>#{t}</li>"}.join}</ul></div>"; BEGIN { puts "<style> body * { margin: 0; padding: 0; display: inline-block; } li { display: block; } .friends { width: 300px; } </style>" }'  > packs.html
```

Male outfits:

```sh
cat bitmoji.json | jq '.outfits|[.male][]|.brands[]|.outfits[]|[.image, .description]' -c | ruby -ne 'puts $_.sub /(?<=\/)\d+_\d+-s\d(?=-v)/, %w[280531978_2-s1 270452369_2-s1 128256895_1-s1].sample' |ruby -rjson -ne 'url, *tags = JSON.parse($_); puts "<div class=\"friends\"><img src=\"#{url}&width=300\" /><ul>#{tags.map {|t| "<li>#{t}</li>"}.join}</ul></div>"; BEGIN { puts "<style> body * { margin: 0; padding: 0; display: inline-block; } li { display: block; } .friends { width: 300px; } </style>" }'  > male_outfits.html
```

Female outfits:

```sh
cat bitmoji.json | jq '.outfits|[.female][]|.brands[]|.outfits[]|[.image, .description]' -c | ruby -ne 'puts $_.sub /(?<=\/)\d+_\d+-s\d(?=-v)/, %w[121464857_22-s1].sample' |ruby -rjson -ne 'url, *tags = JSON.parse($_); puts "<div class=\"friends\"><img src=\"#{url}&width=300\" /><ul>#{tags.map {|t| "<li>#{t}</li>"}.join}</ul></div>"; BEGIN { puts "<style> body * { margin: 0; padding: 0; display: inline-block; } li { display: block; } .friends { width: 300px; } </style>" }'  > female_outfits.html
```
